getLandData completed successfully and took 113ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 114ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 111ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 113ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 118ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 110ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 114ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 116ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 123ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 116ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 127ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 116ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 117ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 122ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 118ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 117ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 20ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 116ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 130ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 11ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 22ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 18ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 11ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 133ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 5ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 4ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 20ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 16ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 5ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 12ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 11ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 5ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 7ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 6ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 5ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 140ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 89ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 136ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 185ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 224ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 240ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 304ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 348ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 394ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 439ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 482ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 523ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 565ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 607ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 648ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 687ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 731ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 775ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 776ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 814ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 734ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 689ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 866ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 646ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 629ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 563ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 518ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 473ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 430ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 387ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 346ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 683ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 262ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 219ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 179ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 135ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 90ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 90ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 2ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 47ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 320ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 41ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 41ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 85ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 41ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 42ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 42ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 86ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 41ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 41ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 52ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 99ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 100ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 100ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 100ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 99ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 99ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 99ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 99ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 101ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 85ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 65ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 64ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 65ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 66ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 65ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 65ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 65ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 65ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 57ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 69ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 23ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 26ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 28ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 31ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 33ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 35ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 36ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 39ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 41ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 44ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 50ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 48ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 45ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 44ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 40ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 38ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 35ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 33ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 30ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 22ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 27ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 24ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 2ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 24ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 25ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 25ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 24ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 26ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 26ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 22ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 28ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 30ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 30ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 36ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 24ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 25ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 28ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 31ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 32ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 34ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 34ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 33ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 33ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 39ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 38ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 36ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 34ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 34ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 33ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 33ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 32ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 29ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 28ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 49ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 25ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 22ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 29ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 27ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 26ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 29ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 29ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 29ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 29ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 29ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 29ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 29ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 24ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 31ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 32ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 24ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 27ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 30ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 31ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 31ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 39ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 32ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 35ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 37ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 37ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 38ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 36ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 34ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 32ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 28ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 26ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 23ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 34ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 46ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 22ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 27ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 29ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 31ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 29ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 31ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 29ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 31ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 47ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 22ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 24ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 25ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 57ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 44ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 30ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 29ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 32ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 32ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 32ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 34ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 40ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 42ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 29ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 29ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 26ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 25ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 25ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 25ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 36ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 58ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 27ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 46ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 15ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 15ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 3ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 2ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 2ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 15ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 2ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 1ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 5ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 7ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 7ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 7ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 12ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 12ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 12ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 51ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 94ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 93ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 93ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 136ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 181ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 182ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 182ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 193ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 182ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 192ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 234ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 280ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 280ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 280ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 188ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 280ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 331ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 390ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 434ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 477ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 429ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 297ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 297ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 297ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 298ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 298ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 387ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 387ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 348ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 200ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 199ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 298ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 245ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 199ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 200ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 149ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 89ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 2ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 46ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 59ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 104ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 146ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 147ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 147ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 147ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 147ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 191ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 391ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 193ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 193ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 192ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 192ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 192ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 234ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 234ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 277ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 174ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 131ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 135ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 135ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 176ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 264ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 322ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 322ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 321ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 131ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 132ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 136ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 136ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 225ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 95ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 95ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 99ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 94ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 226ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 270ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 271ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 228ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 228ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 140ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 140ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 140ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 140ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 141ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 182ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 94ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 94ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 90ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 88ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 49ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 143ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 142ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 143ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 24ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 24ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 24ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 27ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 172ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 123ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 32ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 32ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 26ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 24ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 22ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 30ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 2ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 34ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 35ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 38ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 22ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 25ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 23ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 25ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 24ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 33ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 33ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 22ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 24ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 25ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 27ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 29ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 46ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 29ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 28ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 25ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 23ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 32ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 32ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 32ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 33ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 38ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 27ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 27ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 28ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 27ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 31ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 22ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 30ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 31ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 29ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 22ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 40ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 37ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 30ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 33ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 31ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 25ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 28ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 27ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 22ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 23ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 22ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 22ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 25ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 26ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 25ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 23ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 24ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 26ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 23ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 30ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 30ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 30ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 30ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 37ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 35ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 35ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 22ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 25ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 23ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 34ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 36ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 36ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 36ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 29ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 27ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 20ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 35ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 29ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 29ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 27ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 21ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 12ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 6ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 22ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 22ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 23ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 23ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 7ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 23ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 2ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 2ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 2ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 2ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 2ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 2ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 47ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 46ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 49ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 49ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 52ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 52ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 52ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 109ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 151ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 152ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 154ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 199ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 155ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 196ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 235ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 321ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 270ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 270ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 271ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 271ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 271ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 271ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 272ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 272ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 214ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 173ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 125ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 80ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 38ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 273ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 58ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 102ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 372ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 103ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 103ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 226ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 103ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 102ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 102ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 103ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 102ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 160ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 206ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 208ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 247ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 297ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 385ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 427ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 329ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 329ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 329ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 329ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 329ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 329ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 431ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 429ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 375ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 233ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 233ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 190ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 140ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 278ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 340ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 340ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 340ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 340ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 26ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 27ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 69ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 69ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 60ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 60ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 60ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 63ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 66ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 112ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 155ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 195ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 240ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 226ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 241ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 244ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 187ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 188ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 188ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 187ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 187ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 187ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 188ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 232ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 238ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 256ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 193ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 191ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 191ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 144ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 102ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 61ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 24ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 25ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 25ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 33ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 29ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 23ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 24ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 30ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 31ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 30ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 29ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 29ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 24ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 26ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 27ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 25ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 25ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 25ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 24ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 22ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 39ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 26ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 32ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 32ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 29ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 26ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 28ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 24ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 22ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 26ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 24ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 24ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 27ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 29ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 31ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 31ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 24ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 26ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 22ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 22ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 30ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 30ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 28ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 27ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 28ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 26ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 32ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 24ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 24ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 22ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 30ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 30ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 30ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 30ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 29ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 23ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 23ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 2ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 2ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 2ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 2ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 2ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 2ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 34ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 22ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 26ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 28ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 30ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 23ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 39ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 39ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 40ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 25ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 25ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 33ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 29ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 24ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 25ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 30ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 2ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 28ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 29ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 35ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 10ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 12ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 9ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 9ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 21ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 21ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 7ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 54ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 52ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 93ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 107ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 87ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 90ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 90ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 90ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 91ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 99ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 91ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 100ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 92ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 91ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 91ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 91ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 96ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 136ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 98ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 98ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 142ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 97ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 97ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 141ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 140ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 141ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 142ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 145ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 142ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 228ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 137ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 181ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 223ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 269ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 223ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 178ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 178ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 223ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 268ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 268ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 314ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 314ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 268ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 180ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 180ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 223ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 224ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 227ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 94ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 94ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 138ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 313ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 313ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 358ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 271ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 314ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 187ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 187ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 187ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 187ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 187ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 237ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 283ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 238ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 330ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 330ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 237ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 237ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 283ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 239ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 198ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 198ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 146ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 146ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 153ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 153ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 154ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 147ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 97ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 148ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 150ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 56ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 61ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 104ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 149ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 197ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 149ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 197ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 149ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 148ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 199ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 150ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 150ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 150ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 146ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 149ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 143ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 47ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 90ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 144ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 146ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 149ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 17ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 172ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 172ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 25ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 30ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 14ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 39ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 38ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 38ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 33ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 58ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 62ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 62ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 68ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 68ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 65ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 65ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 65ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 62ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 57ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 58ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 64ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 66ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 66ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 69ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 22ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 22ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 22ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 24ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 27ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 27ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 28ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 25ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 25ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 23ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 43ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 41ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 29ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 22ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 22ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 2ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 41ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 37ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 24ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 23ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 25ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 30ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 30ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 30ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 31ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 31ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 31ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 30ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 23ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 24ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 24ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 22ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 29ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 30ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 30ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 34ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 28ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 26ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 25ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 25ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 25ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 27ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 26ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 33ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 37ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 37ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 28ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 28ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 26ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 23ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 31ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 31ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 31ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 24ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 31ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 26ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 12ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 23ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 31ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 31ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 30ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 30ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 31ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 20ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 20ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 20ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 21ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 2ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 2ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 2ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 2ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 1ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 2ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 2ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 2ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 12ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 55ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 57ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 68ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 58ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 58ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 115ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 166ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 209ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 199ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 211ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 211ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 211ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 159ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 199ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 198ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 198ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 198ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 198ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 199ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 203ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 203ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 204ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 146ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 95ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 205ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 97ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 142ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 187ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 185ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 141ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 141ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 143ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 143ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 143ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 143ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 142ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 189ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 140ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 142ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 98ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 67ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 203ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 127ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 192ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 192ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 192ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 235ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 276ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 413ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 418ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 414ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 414ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 414ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 271ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 271ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 271ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 274ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 212ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 212ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 152ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 87ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 46ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 132ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 132ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 48ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 48ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 48ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 47ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 48ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 49ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 316ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 320ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 316ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 48ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 96ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 97ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 97ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 97ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 50ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 98ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 99ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 99ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 96ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 52ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 58ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 54ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 103ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 103ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 144ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 145ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 145ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 97ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 97ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 97ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 97ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 97ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 97ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 94ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 140ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 138ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 196ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 136ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 136ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 175ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 173ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 130ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 131ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 131ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 93ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 93ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 93ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 95ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 97ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 99ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 102ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 104ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 105ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 60ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 60ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 61ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 22ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 64ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 150ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 58ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 58ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 58ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 107ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 107ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 68ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 68ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 49ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 49ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 64ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 64ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 64ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 63ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 32ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 32ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 31ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 33ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 29ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 25ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 2ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 32ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 35ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 35ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 34ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 34ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 34ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 34ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 34ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 28ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 29ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 25ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 25ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 25ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 34ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 33ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 33ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 32ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 32ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 32ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 33ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 33ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 27ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 32ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 33ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 33ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 31ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 33ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 27ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 30ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 28ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 25ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 24ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 29ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 29ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 28ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 28ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 28ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 29ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 27ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 26ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 27ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 35ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 26ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 23ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 16ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 29ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 24ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 18ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 23ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 25ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 31ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 12ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 12ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 12ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 18ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 12ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 16ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 50ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 50ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 50ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 51ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 95ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 95ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 98ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 106ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 104ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 98ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 96ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 146ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 145ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 182ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 186ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 182ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 182ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 181ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 228ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 227ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 270ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 270ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 228ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 183ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 183ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 183ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 183ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 182ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 183ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 132ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 184ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 184ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 93ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 93ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 1ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 133ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 48ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 48ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 48ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 48ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 2ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 2ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 49ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 6ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 58ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 58ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 60ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 104ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 105ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 104ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 153ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 156ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 155ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 155ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 155ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 155ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 203ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 244ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 289ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 290ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 136ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 136ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 334ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 320ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 320ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 316ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 318ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 421ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 267ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 267ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 267ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 267ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 218ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 267ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 267ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 178ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 133ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 132ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 89ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 133ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 46ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 13ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 144ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 144ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 146ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 63ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 52ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 51ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 65ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 65ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 64ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 64ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 64ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 48ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 100ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 98ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 96ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 96ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 139ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 140ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 94ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 140ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 141ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 140ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 94ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 94ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 94ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 97ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 47ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 48ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 99ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 99ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 99ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 99ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 99ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 53ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 57ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 57ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 57ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 103ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 101ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 98ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 99ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 101ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 103ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 105ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 205ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 157ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 115ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 106ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 101ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 58ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 62ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 65ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 119ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 25ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 25ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 25ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 23ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 73ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 126ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 77ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 22ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 29ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 30ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 38ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 24ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 22ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 33ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 29ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 35ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 36ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 36ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 29ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 29ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 25ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 26ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 36ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 25ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 38ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 39ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 38ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 22ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 29ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 26ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 29ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 38ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 39ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 39ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 60ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 32ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 32ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 33ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 33ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 37ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 39ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 38ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 33ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 32ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 38ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 41ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 27ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 24ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 24ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 25ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 26ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 28ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 30ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 32ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 32ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 65ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 64ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 33ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 30ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 27ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 40ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 24ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 24ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 24ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 43ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 32ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 42ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 24ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 23ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 23ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 23ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 32ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 23ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 26ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 25ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 27ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 32ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 25ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 26ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 33ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 32ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 33ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 42ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 42ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 23ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 23ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 24ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 29ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 29ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 29ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 23ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 27ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 29ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 35ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 28ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 26ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 27ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 27ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 26ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 20ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 24ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 28ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 31ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 31ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 9ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 41ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 40ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 24ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 57ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 50ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 50ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 50ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 50ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 50ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 67ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 97ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 114ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 111ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 92ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 92ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 92ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 91ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 52ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 48ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 50ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 97ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 94ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 97ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 98ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 53ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 95ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 98ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 52ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 52ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 54ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 54ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 49ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 51ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 50ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 52ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 92ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 95ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 97ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 97ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 147ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 97ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 148ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 99ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 97ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 141ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 142ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 142ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 92ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 142ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 142ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 142ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 93ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 142ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 93ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 50ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 50ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 50ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 50ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 53ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 74ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 117ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 117ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 149ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 148ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 231ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 228ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 229ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 229ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 228ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 228ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 224ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 224ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 228ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 230ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 231ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 118ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 119ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 90ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 233ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 277ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 207ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 270ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 57ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 57ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 57ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 57ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 57ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 108ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 105ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 152ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 189ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 334ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 105ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 147ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 147ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 144ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 189ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 145ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 143ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 142ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 143ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 143ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 143ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 147ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 150ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 150ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 97ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 97ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 96ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 101ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 99ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 56ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 56ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 102ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 146ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 138ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 141ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 141ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 142ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 237ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 237ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 147ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 147ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 138ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 137ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 91ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 137ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 137ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 4ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 144ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 144ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 155ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 155ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 155ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 58ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 50ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 70ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 71ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 69ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 64ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 59ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 103ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 109ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 112ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 64ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 64ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 64ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 62ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 108ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 104ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 108ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 60ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 60ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 60ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 57ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 62ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 25ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 26ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 26ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 26ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 26ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 26ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 26ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 28ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 28ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 28ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 30ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 37ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 37ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 35ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 26ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 26ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 29ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 31ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 32ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 34ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 31ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 31ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 31ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 28ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 32ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 31ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 26ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 32ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 32ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 30ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 26ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 25ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 25ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 25ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 26ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 29ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 39ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 28ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 22ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 24ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 31ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 31ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 31ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 22ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 24ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 2ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 7ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 22ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 33ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 18ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 58ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 61ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 67ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 67ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 67ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 58ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 67ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 61ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 56ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 55ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 55ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 63ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 3ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 46ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 47ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 105ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 49ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 57ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 59ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 63ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 69ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 64ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 64ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 64ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 65ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 115ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 160ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 206ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 206ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 147ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 147ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 147ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 147ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 254ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 207ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 253ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 211ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 245ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 280ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 280ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 280ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 280ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 228ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 182ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 138ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 135ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 135ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 135ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 134ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 135ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 134ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 89ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 90ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 135ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 49ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 4ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 5ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 6ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 6ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 8ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 62ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 100ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 101ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 146ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 190ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 190ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 187ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 187ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 187ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 279ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 279ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 191ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 192ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 191ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 186ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 189ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 186ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 184ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 186ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 130ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 92ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 92ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 46ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 67ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 111ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 156ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 157ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 200ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 201ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 201ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 241ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 425ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 241ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 241ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 241ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 241ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 242ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 245ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 249ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 257ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 102ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 103ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 61ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 60ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 196ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 150ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 259ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 261ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 265ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 30ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 30ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 76ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 76ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 76ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 73ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 70ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 117ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 60ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 57ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 49ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 59ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 67ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 77ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 78ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 78ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 68ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 22ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 22ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 22ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 17ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 63ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 49ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 49ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 69ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 68ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 67ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 67ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 64ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 49ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 50ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 54ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 17ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 64ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 64ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 119ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 119ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 72ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 72ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 72ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 66ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 68ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 70ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 72ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 75ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 61ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 57ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 68ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 63ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 71ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 66ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 2ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 68ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 24ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 22ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 23ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 32ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 31ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 31ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 31ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 22ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 35ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 26ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 29ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 24ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 23ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 34ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 34ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 34ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 25ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 25ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 23ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 22ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 25ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 24ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 27ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 32ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 32ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 31ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 31ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 31ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 2ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 16ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 23ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 23ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 26ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 29ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 29ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 28ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 15ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 34ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 50ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 60ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 60ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 48ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 48ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 48ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 61ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 57ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 49ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 50ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 62ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 17ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 18ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 18ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 65ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 65ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 65ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 65ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 61ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 18ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 20ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 3ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 5ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 52ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 57ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 58ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 56ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 54ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 106ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 148ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 149ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 101ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 146ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 147ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 244ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 243ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 196ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 290ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 292ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 293ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 242ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 242ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 242ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 242ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 287ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 235ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 192ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 289ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 143ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 142ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 97ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 97ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 47ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 193ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 193ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 48ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 48ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 49ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 64ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 25ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 25ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 25ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 25ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 106ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 158ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 210ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 114ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 114ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 113ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 113ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 111ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 111ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 162ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 205ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 208ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 183ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 183ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 183ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 183ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 102ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 203ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 195ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 192ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 97ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 96ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 97ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 97ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 141ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 141ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 141ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 91ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 47ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 142ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 49ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 49ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 50ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 50ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 51ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 94ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 95ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 191ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 94ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 137ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 137ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 179ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 135ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 181ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 181ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 134ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 175ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 174ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 179ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 179ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 184ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 176ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 176ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 219ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 175ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 174ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 263ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 266ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 222ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 266ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 137ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 137ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 137ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 137ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 137ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 94ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 92ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 91ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 137ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 91ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 51ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 112ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 22ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 22ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 19ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 58ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 58ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 58ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 59ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 58ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 50ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 48ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 46ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 45ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 47ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 48ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 48ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 48ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 46ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 45ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 45ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 45ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 57ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 58ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 60ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 61ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 63ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 63ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 2ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 24ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 24ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 25ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 23ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 25ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 26ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 29ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 30ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 31ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 31ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 26ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 24ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 24ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 24ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 22ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 23ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 24ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 24ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 29ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 29ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 27ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 28ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 24ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 25ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 27ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 27ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 22ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 22ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 22ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 22ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 19ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 26ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 9ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 47ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 63ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 62ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 50ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 48ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 48ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 60ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 61ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 52ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 57ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 12ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 12ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 60ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 46ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 103ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 47ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 46ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 46ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 47ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 56ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 94ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 95ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 95ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 91ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 93ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 98ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 98ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 98ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 98ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 98ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 92ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 99ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 99ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 141ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 97ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 97ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 58ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 102ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 102ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 146ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 146ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 190ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 193ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 199ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 101ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 101ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 145ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 146ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 146ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 138ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 138ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 148ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 141ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 143ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 148ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 143ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 51ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 98ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 98ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 99ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 99ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 146ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 54ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 143ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 99ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 143ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 143ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 93ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 98ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 97ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 93ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 98ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 100ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 93ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 185ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 185ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 137ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 137ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 92ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 137ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 138ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 138ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 139ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 139ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 95ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 96ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 96ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 96ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 97ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 95ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 49ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 99ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 7ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 56ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 53ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 96ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 96ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 96ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 192ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 192ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 100ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 99ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 141ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 184ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 185ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 181ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 181ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 181ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 181ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 182ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 189ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 138ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 186ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 184ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 142ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 142ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 143ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 143ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 238ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 143ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 143ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 143ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 98ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 54ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 107ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 151ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 194ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 142ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 192ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 190ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 142ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 190ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 195ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 191ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 143ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 143ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 142ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 143ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 90ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 145ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 147ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 149ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 149ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 202ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 58ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 204ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 64ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 64ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 64ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 61ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 58ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 69ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 71ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 71ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 68ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 28ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 32ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 41ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 24ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 32ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 27ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 28ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 30ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 32ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 32ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 29ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 39ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 40ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 50ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 41ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 42ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 39ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 39ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 39ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 39ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 39ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 47ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 67ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 41ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 34ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 31ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 29ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 33ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 35ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 38ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 38ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 23ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 36ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 27ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 28ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 29ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 34ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 39ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 22ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 37ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 40ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 23ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 45ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 41ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 38ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 46ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 42ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 44ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 35ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 34ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 38ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 39ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 41ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 22ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 22ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 30ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 29ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 29ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 31ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 32ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 40ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 24ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 26ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 26ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 26ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 26ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 23ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 24ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 22ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 22ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 25ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 22ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 23ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 26ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 26ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 27ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 24ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 31ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 30ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 53ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 67ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 67ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 60ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 62ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 60ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 44ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 53ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 60ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 60ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 111ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 53ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 110ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 109ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 58ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 53ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 3ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 55ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 57ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 48ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 48ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 48ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 49ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 93ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 92ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 92ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 91ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 94ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 148ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 94ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 95ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 96ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 95ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 47ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 90ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 50ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 52ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 51ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 92ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 94ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 139ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 184ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 184ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 139ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 140ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 189ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 233ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 233ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 144ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 144ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 94ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 144ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 49ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 8ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 60ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 61ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 61ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 153ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 147ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 48ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 48ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 48ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 53ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 65ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 65ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 65ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 65ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 65ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 65ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 106ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 149ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 192ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 229ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 185ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 229ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 228ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 227ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 227ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 227ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 227ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 227ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 209ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 208ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 208ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 209ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 228ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 166ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 123ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 83ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 209ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 210ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 6ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 68ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 112ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 152ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 195ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 195ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 197ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 281ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 244ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 200ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 198ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 198ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 197ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 195ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 193ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 198ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 243ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 285ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 224ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 274ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 140ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 95ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 180ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 96ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 93ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 286ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 286ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 94ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 94ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 94ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 94ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 94ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 94ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 45ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 2ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 108ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 108ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 108ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 17ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 22ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 24ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 26ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 26ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 10ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 57ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 62ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 63ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 81ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 81ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 60ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 60ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 62ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 62ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 63ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 26ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 26ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 26ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 26ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 26ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 29ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 31ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 32ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 32ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 25ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 25ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 25ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 28ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 24ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 25ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 22ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 22ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 23ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 22ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 22ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 31ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 31ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 29ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 25ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 23ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 22ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 24ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 31ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 31ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 29ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 33ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 14ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 63ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 57ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 49ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 48ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 53ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 52ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 50ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 57ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 7ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 62ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 18ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 64ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 106ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 114ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 113ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 112ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 150ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 148ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 158ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 157ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 157ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 154ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 189ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 190ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 190ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 189ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 189ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 189ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 189ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 90ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 135ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 183ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 46ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 47ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 47ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 47ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 47ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 95ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 95ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 47ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 95ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 6ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 6ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 49ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 50ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 47ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 48ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 60ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 58ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 62ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 57ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 105ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 64ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 64ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 61ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 61ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 62ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 62ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 53ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 67ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 108ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 100ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 98ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 94ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 140ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 185ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 189ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 248ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 247ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 189ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 185ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 185ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 139ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 138ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 186ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 185ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 93ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 96ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 50ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 6ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 57ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 57ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 58ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 150ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 150ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 58ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 151ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 150ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 58ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 196ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 57ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 58ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 60ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 63ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 59ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 64ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 60ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 7ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 7ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 47ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 45ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 46ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 110ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 105ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 105ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 48ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 47ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 51ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 56ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 99ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 99ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 99ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 145ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 101ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 101ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 102ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 149ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 150ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 150ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 150ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 237ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 239ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 196ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 191ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 239ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 233ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 232ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 191ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 238ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 291ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 191ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 190ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 190ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 144ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 143ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 145ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 286ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 239ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 144ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 145ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 144ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 145ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 99ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 99ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 148ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 194ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 110ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 110ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 67ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 67ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 24ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 24ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 68ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 67ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 67ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 63ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 62ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 60ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 46ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 49ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 50ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 68ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 27ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 22ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 23ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 26ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 28ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 24ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 25ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 24ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 26ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 33ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 32ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 37ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 37ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 38ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 26ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 26ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 24ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 24ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 24ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 24ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 25ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 2ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 68ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 70ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 70ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 72ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 6ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 60ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 61ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 62ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 61ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 15ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 69ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 69ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 2ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 2ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 3ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 16ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 67ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 58ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 57ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 57ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 57ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 57ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 57ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 65ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 64ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 66ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 59ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 118ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 115ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 164ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 201ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 149ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 149ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 149ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 149ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 149ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 149ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 197ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 190ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 150ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 150ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 150ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 133ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 89ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 151ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 43ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 13ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 16ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 66ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 68ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 70ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 206ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 72ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 71ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 118ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 110ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 121ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 207ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 119ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 106ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 53ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 50ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 108ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 109ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 122ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 122ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 49ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 54ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 7ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 97ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 147ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 146ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 141ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 138ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 141ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 141ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 142ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 139ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 139ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 138ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 143ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 142ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 138ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 180ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 90ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 182ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 183ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 93ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 50ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 51ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 52ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 52ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 95ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 186ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 189ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 187ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 55ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 97ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 53ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 53ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 50ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 100ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 50ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 50ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 50ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 50ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 98ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 97ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 96ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 100ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 95ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 96ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 109ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 109ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 111ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 114ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 117ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 116ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 118ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 162ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 207ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 114ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 114ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 114ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 114ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 115ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 205ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 245ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 288ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 290ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 288ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 225ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 224ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 224ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 225ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 173ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 173ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 174ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 128ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 129ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 128ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 131ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 129ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 86ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 46ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 128ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 9ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 180ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 182ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 53ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 93ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 94ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 93ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 94ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 95ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 95ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 103ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 53ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 105ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 99ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 49ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 57ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 57ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 22ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 22ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 17ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 57ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 58ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 61ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 63ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 63ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 63ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 63ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 46ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 48ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 2ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 48ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 48ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 49ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 47ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 2ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 22ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 29ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 35ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 22ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 23ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 31ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 32ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 35ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 22ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 22ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 22ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 22ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 23ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 24ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 35ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 29ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 23ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 23ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 10ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 25ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 25ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 28ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 9ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 14ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 52ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 96ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 96ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 109ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 109ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 101ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 101ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 100ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 100ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 95ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 98ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 141ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 142ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 138ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 135ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 142ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 137ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 94ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 50ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 50ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 50ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 95ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 139ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 53ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 50ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 50ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 98ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 98ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 48ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 48ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 48ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 49ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 100ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 49ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 48ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 93ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 95ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 98ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 98ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 55ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 102ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 103ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 103ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 188ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 143ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 190ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 193ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 147ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 147ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 147ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 146ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 103ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 100ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 49ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 149ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 48ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 49ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 100ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 4ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 18ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 50ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 56ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 57ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 99ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 100ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 100ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 53ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 52ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 53ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 53ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 94ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 98ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 102ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 57ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 50ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 50ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 7ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 49ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 46ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 46ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 48ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 57ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 63ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 66ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 66ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 69ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 66ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 62ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 108ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 153ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 196ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 197ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 153ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 151ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 149ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 197ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 196ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 243ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 288ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 288ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 228ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 229ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 230ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 230ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 230ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 184ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 234ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 279ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 140ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 140ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 140ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 140ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 140ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 140ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 183ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 227ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 183ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 98ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 98ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 97ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 97ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 99ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 100ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 57ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 150ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 57ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 58ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 61ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 61ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 65ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 65ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 113ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 113ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 25ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 26ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 33ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 33ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 17ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 17ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 101ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 101ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 121ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 114ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 114ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 102ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 102ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 146ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 140ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 146ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 147ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 147ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 133ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 133ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 142ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 139ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 143ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 48ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 48ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 134ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 135ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 50ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 50ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 50ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 58ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 197ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 65ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 63ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 61ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 60ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 65ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 61ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 62ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 64ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 65ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 78ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 77ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 22ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 22ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 22ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 25ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 31ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 35ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 35ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 23ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 24ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 24ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 27ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 22ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 24ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 23ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 26ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 26ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 26ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 26ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 25ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 25ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 29ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 23ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 25ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 12ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 14ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 23ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 22ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 20ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 2ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 18ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 2ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 70ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 57ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 54ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 61ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 60ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 62ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 63ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 104ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 100ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 107ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 152ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 98ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 98ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 98ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 98ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 99ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 99ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 99ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 153ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 153ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 103ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 104ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 137ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 137ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 135ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 135ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 94ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 92ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 134ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 188ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 90ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 90ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 91ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 92ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 92ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 92ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 93ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 95ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 98ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 99ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 59ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 100ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 146ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 146ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 60ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 60ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 104ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 147ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 192ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 192ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 192ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 193ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 134ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 95ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 96ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 98ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 98ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 97ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 98ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 105ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 105ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 106ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 106ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 2ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 16ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 2ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 6ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 9ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 9ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 17ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 11ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 25ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 5ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 48ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 64ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 47ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 47ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 47ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 64ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 48ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 48ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 58ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 57ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 94ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 94ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 136ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 181ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 225ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 225ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 180ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 181ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 181ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 181ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 225ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 227ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 227ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 227ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 181ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 181ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 182ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 182ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 182ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 182ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 135ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 92ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 186ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 53ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 97ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 99ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 145ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 99ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 99ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 144ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 144ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 145ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 145ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 146ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 146ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 145ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 147ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 149ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 150ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 98ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 98ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 54ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 99ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 49ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 48ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 198ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 198ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 198ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 101ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 48ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 48ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 100ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 54ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 139ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 138ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 143ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 143ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 143ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 142ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 142ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 95ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 94ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 94ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 96ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 98ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 44ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 43ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 96ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 96ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 96ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 2ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 112ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 60ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 108ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 22ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 60ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 61ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 50ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 69ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 48ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 49ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 48ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 2ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 48ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 49ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 50ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 67ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 67ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 2ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 23ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 31ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 31ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 33ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 32ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 25ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 25ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 25ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 23ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 23ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 24ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 26ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 24ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 24ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 23ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 23ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 23ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 23ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 27ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 22ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 27ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 30ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 27ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 12ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 27ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 22ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 21ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 2ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 54ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 97ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 106ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 97ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 97ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 97ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 100ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 100ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 97ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 98ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 98ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 98ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 96ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 141ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 47ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 139ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 91ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 47ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 138ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 48ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 143ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 147ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 146ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 50ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 50ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 50ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 50ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 50ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 98ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 49ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 49ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 101ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 100ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 55ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 10ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 101ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 102ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 104ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 105ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 57ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 57ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 57ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 57ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 57ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 99ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 153ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 153ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 104ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 97ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 49ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 99ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 48ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 2ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 2ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 49ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 50ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 57ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 11ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 55ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 56ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 49ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 51ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 5ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 5ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 52ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 49ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 6ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 53ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 57ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 57ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 52ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 54ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 54ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 54ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 100ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 100ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 105ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 104ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 104ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 104ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 143ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 143ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 140ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 143ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 92ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 92ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 93ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 95ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 105ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 105ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 57ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 97ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 98ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 190ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 234ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 277ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 279ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 189ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 234ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 234ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 234ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 235ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 278ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 278ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 278ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 221ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 221ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 181ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 233ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 222ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 182ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 135ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 91ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 48ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 47ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 2ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 5ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 58ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 58ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 58ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 105ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 280ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 105ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 59ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 104ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 104ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 100ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 101ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 103ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 102ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 49ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 107ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 107ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 106ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 50ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 97ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 98ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 98ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 98ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 97ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 97ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 50ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 97ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 50ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 52ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 10ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 69ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 69ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 69ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 68ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 68ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 58ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 57ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 65ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 66ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 49ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 50ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 50ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 50ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 64ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 16ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 125ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 170ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 123ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 125ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 126ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 171ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 124ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 125ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 125ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 125ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 125ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 124ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 125ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 127ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 124ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 133ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 138ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 138ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 129ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 128ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 31ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 23ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 24ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 30ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 30ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 30ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 30ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 28ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 36ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 36ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 34ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 34ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 34ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 30ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 29ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 23ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 29ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 28ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 2ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 15ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 7ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 21ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 49ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 44ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 64ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 44ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 64ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 50ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 45ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 45ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 44ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 43ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 45ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 44ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 45ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 44ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 46ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 5ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 5ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 45ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 45ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 45ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 44ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 45ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 46ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 90ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 92ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 92ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 49ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 53ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 95ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 138ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 95ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 95ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 96ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 98ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 139ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 139ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 139ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 144ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 144ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 104ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 100ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 100ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 101ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 101ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 106ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 52ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 95ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 91ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 89ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 91ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 98ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 187ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 98ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 98ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 99ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 109ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 98ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 100ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 101ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 104ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 106ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 104ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 104ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 18ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 16ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 14ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 45ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 43ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 43ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 43ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 87ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 103ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 88ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 88ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 90ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 101ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 97ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 91ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 91ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 91ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 131ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 131ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 91ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 94ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 94ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 94ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 94ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 95ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 135ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 135ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 47ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 47ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 47ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 51ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 91ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 136ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 224ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 224ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 182ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 224ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 183ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 183ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 183ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 179ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 179ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 222ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 175ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 131ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 222ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 223ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 222ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 222ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 225ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 226ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 226ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 49ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 93ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 93ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 93ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 94ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 94ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 137ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 94ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 93ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 95ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 52ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 98ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 96ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 98ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 95ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 51ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 51ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 50ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 50ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 97ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 97ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 103ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 103ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 98ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 60ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 109ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 110ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 99ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 150ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 99ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 100ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 100ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 152ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 102ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 104ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 105ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 104ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 106ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 104ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 104ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 49ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 49ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 49ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 107ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 108ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 2ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 4ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 113ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 114ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 22ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 63ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 67ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 99ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 98ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 96ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 96ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 96ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 101ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 114ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 113ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 96ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 97ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 95ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 93ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 94ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 49ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 2ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 96ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 111ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 111ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 111ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 112ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 27ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 27ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 27ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 30ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 31ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 30ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 26ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 24ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 24ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 24ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 24ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 22ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 24ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 33ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 38ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 42ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 22ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 26ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 26ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 15ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 24ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 17ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 25ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 24ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 13ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 25ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 25ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 30ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 6ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 50ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 51ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 50ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 57ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 51ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 93ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 94ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 95ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 139ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 91ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 91ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 91ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 91ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 93ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 92ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 137ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 137ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 186ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 140ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 140ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 139ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 139ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 139ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 140ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 98ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 96ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 143ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 55ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 11ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 68ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 68ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 23ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 23ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 23ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 23ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 15ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 16ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 62ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 65ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 103ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 92ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 92ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 100ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 100ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 100ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 108ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 107ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 107ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 107ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 93ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 93ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 92ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 92ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 92ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 92ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 46ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 2ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 47ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 3ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 4ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 4ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 13ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 153ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 153ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 58ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 58ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 58ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 58ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 62ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 62ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 57ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 56ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 6ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 103ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 106ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 104ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 149ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 104ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 104ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 143ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 188ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 187ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 187ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 232ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 234ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 232ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 230ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 228ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 228ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 176ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 232ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 231ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 232ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 131ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 131ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 45ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 90ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 46ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 2ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 47ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 4ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 58ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 57ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 57ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 57ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 102ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 103ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 279ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 279ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 233ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 103ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 102ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 102ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 101ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 101ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 100ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 100ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 100ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 46ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 45ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 101ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 102ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 49ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 61ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 105ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 150ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 152ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 147ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 147ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 151ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 151ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 256ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 154ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 154ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 154ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 148ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 147ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 151ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 151ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 99ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 153ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 153ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 58ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 60ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 57ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 57ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 50ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 49ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 65ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 65ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 65ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 65ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 17ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 10ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 26ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 25ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 66ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 58ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 57ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 73ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 60ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 58ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 58ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 58ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 60ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 61ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 100ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 100ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 102ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 107ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 102ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 102ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 57ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 58ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 58ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 58ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 58ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 58ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 58ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 58ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 72ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 25ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 25ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 23ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 24ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 23ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 29ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 26ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 30ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 27ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 30ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 30ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 30ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 26ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 19ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 21ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 67ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 49ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 61ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 65ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 60ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 62ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 51ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 52ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 92ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 93ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 94ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 99ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 102ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 54ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 55ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 55ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 102ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 60ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 7ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 63ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 60ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 60ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 60ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 60ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 67ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 67ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 111ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 161ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 194ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 139ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 139ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 139ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 147ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 147ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 148ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 148ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 149ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 146ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 146ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 147ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 147ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 148ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 148ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 148ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 98ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 14ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 17ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 17ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 17ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 16ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 29ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 21ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 23ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 24ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 23ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 170ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 15ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 18ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 19ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 19ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 16ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 32ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 32ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 32ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 16ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 94ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 101ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 140ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 183ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 198ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 225ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 241ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 234ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 234ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 226ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 225ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 225ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 225ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 269ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 269ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 178ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 178ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 132ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 271ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 309ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 356ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 355ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 355ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 135ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 134ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 134ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 134ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 135ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 178ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 178ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 135ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 135ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 136ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 94ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 92ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 93ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 135ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 95ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 48ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 48ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 48ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 48ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 48ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 57ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 144ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 143ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 51ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 55ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 55ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 98ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 91ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 93ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 99ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 147ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 145ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 93ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 144ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 101ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 159ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 108ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 108ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 145ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 145ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 145ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 100ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 191ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 101ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 102ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 100ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 100ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 100ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 100ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 192ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 103ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 189ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 101ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 101ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 2ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 88ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 88ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 103ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 88ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 49ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 50ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 48ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 9ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 13ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 63ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 50ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 45ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 47ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 46ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 88ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 103ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 102ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 102ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 102ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 93ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 87ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 87ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 86ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 88ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 85ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 87ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 87ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 44ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 2ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 101ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 102ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 102ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 22ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 26ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 23ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 23ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 29ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 29ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 29ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 24ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 26ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 26ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 26ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 2ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 30ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 22ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 23ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 27ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 27ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 24ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 22ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 22ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 22ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 56ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 60ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 49ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 60ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 46ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 48ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 48ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 48ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 46ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 57ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 62ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 12ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 58ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 57ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 53ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 68ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 68ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 57ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 57ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 60ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 50ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 49ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 2ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 2ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 2ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 10ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 57ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 105ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 103ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 100ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 57ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 101ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 104ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 94ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 102ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 105ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 52ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 107ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 110ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 108ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 109ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 110ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 55ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 56ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 56ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 53ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 94ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 91ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 90ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 88ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 89ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 89ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 91ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 91ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 94ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 97ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 94ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 95ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 96ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 98ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 98ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 99ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 59ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 60ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 102ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 148ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 148ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 60ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 62ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 109ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 68ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 107ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 150ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 195ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 192ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 144ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 144ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 192ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 188ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 195ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 188ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 188ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 236ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 181ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 182ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 182ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 184ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 190ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 46ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 91ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 135ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 183ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 46ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 46ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 47ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 2ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 2ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 2ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 191ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 191ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 61ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 104ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 104ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 151ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 105ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 105ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 105ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 105ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 104ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 107ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 104ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 98ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 102ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 99ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 98ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 45ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 105ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 105ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 107ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 52ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 98ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 97ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 97ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 141ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 202ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 93ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 98ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 97ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 98ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 98ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 48ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 94ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 94ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 96ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 54ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 53ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 99ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 100ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 102ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 103ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 103ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 104ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 102ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 105ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 151ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 196ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 101ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 99ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 105ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 105ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 105ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 54ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 50ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 2ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 57ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 60ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 61ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 112ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 60ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 60ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 60ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 60ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 56ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 58ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 60ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 63ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 61ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 58ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 58ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 60ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 61ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 64ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 63ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 63ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 124ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 60ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 57ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 53ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 61ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 57ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 57ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 117ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 61ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 57ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 58ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 58ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 57ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 50ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 58ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 67ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 65ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 69ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 26ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 22ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 36ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 35ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 28ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 29ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 27ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 24ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 24ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 25ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 27ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 13ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 22ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 46ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 28ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 24ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 26ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 27ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 19ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 30ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 25ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 33ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 28ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 36ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 32ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 35ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 49ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 26ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 26ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 28ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 109ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 109ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 106ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 108ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 105ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 104ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 113ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 122ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 109ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 117ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 101ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 105ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 106ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 99ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 95ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 94ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 109ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 23ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 16ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 26ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 23ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 23ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 25ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 25ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 27ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 17ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 62ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 54ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 101ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 110ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 100ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 108ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 107ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 109ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 102ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 142ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 142ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 138ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 137ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 89ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 89ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 47ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 138ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 138ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 94ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 94ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 92ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 94ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 50ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 52ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 53ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 7ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 7ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 10ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 57ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 7ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 56ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 99ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 140ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 141ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 148ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 148ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 149ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 154ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 148ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 146ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 186ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 228ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 228ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 179ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 234ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 94ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 94ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 135ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 178ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 180ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 231ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 92ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 93ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 93ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 93ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 87ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 88ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 47ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 4ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 5ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 135ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 50ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 146ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 53ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 101ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 103ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 102ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 104ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 103ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 100ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 99ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 96ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 90ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 56ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 102ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 105ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 105ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 54ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 51ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 62ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 106ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 104ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 104ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 104ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 147ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 146ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 146ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 149ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 148ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 147ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 147ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 147ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 147ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 147ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 88ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 44ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 45ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 150ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 141ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 143ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 9ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 10ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 95ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 96ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 97ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 98ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 98ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 97ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 94ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 245ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 243ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 97ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 99ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 99ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 48ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 96ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 93ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 93ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 50ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 50ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 7ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 58ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 149ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 58ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 58ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 51ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 97ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 96ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 98ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 50ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 98ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 99ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 101ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 101ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 101ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 100ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 2ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 2ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 65ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 66ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 72ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 23ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 62ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 63ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 62ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 66ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 61ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 60ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 66ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 66ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 66ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 50ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 49ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 47ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 47ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 48ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 18ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 69ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 69ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 61ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 71ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 71ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 66ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 66ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 50ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 49ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 49ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 2ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 49ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 50ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 61ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 67ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 15ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 26ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 26ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 25ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 25ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 26ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 2ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 22ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 25ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 26ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 25ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 26ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 18ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 60ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 50ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 49ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 71ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 71ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 72ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 71ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 2ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 10ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 4ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 69ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 24ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 28ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 23ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 23ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 25ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 58ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 74ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 65ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 99ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 96ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 102ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 115ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 100ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 102ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 98ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 95ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 95ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 95ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 94ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 93ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 94ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 93ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 95ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 44ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 95ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 5ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 46ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 46ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 7ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 52ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 49ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 152ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 57ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 58ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 60ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 60ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 63ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 68ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 60ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 107ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 63ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 109ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 157ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 158ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 99ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 144ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 183ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 190ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 192ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 246ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 199ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 188ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 189ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 140ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 94ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 189ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 189ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 189ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 95ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 95ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 49ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 97ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 5ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 6ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 104ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 103ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 151ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 51ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 58ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 60ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 57ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 57ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 156ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 69ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 63ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 62ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 63ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 62ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 57ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 54ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 97ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 98ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 140ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 88ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 88ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 96ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 136ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 136ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 136ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 137ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 137ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 136ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 136ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 136ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 184ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 185ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 185ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 97ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 97ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 143ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 230ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 187ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 230ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 229ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 96ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 98ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 99ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 147ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 148ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 52ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 101ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 148ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 148ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 148ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 149ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 102ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 102ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 102ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 102ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 103ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 100ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 99ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 147ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 149ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 99ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 98ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 96ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 98ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 97ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 50ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 50ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 48ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 2ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 47ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 60ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 159ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 107ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 108ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 108ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 108ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 156ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 109ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 109ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 109ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 109ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 109ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 49ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 102ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 101ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 104ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 50ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 108ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 105ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 111ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 128ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 24ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 25ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 25ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 23ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 2ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 27ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 29ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 25ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 18ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 60ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 61ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 60ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 63ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 64ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 64ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 64ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 63ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 63ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 60ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 62ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 62ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 57ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 57ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 63ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 65ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 13ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 58ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 57ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 65ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 61ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 57ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 62ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 62ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 61ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 58ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 50ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 48ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 49ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 2ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 2ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 69ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 26ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 30ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 29ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 30ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 29ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 2ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 58ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 60ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 58ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 58ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 61ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 61ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 61ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 60ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 60ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 58ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 23ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 25ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 25ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 25ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 26ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 64ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 67ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 69ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 58ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 56ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 58ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 66ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 65ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 65ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 50ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 50ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 45ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 46ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 2ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 46ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 2ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 1ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 45ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 2ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 2ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 47ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 2ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 2ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 5ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 10ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 58ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 104ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 60ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 102ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 104ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 106ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 108ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 108ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 108ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 107ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 146ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 145ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 96ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 154ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 154ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 154ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 97ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 50ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 98ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 98ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 98ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 98ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 57ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 101ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 99ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 101ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 100ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 153ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 102ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 154ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 104ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 101ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 101ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 101ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 101ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 101ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 49ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 51ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 92ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 191ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 193ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 195ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 99ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 102ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 102ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 102ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 102ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 103ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 103ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 103ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 204ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 205ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 205ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 105ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 106ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 106ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 57ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 16ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 9ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 96ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 99ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 99ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 105ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 105ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 165ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 210ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 313ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 211ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 211ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 219ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 213ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 250ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 294ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 294ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 294ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 191ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 331ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 239ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 330ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 326ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 239ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 333ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 129ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 174ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 235ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 236ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 46ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 46ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 47ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 132ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 132ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 133ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 133ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 91ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 133ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 48ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 49ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 50ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 50ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 98ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 53ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 54ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 57ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 63ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 61ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 54ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 94ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 93ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 90ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 87ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 88ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 103ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 103ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 148ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 95ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 93ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 95ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 96ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 96ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 97ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 99ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 99ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 99ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 102ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 103ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 27ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 27ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 27ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 22ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 23ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 23ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 24ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 49ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 68ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 57ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 57ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 47ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 50ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 48ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 47ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 48ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 50ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 70ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 12ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 26ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 26ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 67ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 66ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 61ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 61ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 61ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 50ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 66ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 65ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 64ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 66ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 64ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 25ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 28ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 27ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 22ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 2ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 16ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 65ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 57ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 57ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 57ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 46ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 62ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 60ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 57ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 59ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 8ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 14ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 70ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 70ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 23ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 24ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 23ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 23ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 24ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 24ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 18ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 60ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 54ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 104ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 88ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 104ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 95ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 91ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 107ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 108ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 91ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 89ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 89ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 89ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 90ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 90ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 89ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 89ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 45ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 88ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 5ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 9ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 143ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 147ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 102ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 59ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 57ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 54ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 57ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 88ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 80ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 53ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 95ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 96ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 96ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 99ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 95ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 94ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 94ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 94ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 95ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 95ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 66ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 66ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 45ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 94ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 94ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 95ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 95ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 8ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 52ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 96ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 96ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 51ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 52ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 148ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 47ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 47ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 48ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 98ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 93ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 48ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 48ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 48ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 93ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 49ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 49ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 102ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 97ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 50ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 50ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 50ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 104ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 104ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 144ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 100ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 141ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 185ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 185ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 184ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 186ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 276ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 278ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 278ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 229ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 228ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 228ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 228ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 271ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 270ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 273ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 176ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 175ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 133ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 89ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 217ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 217ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 271ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 90ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 45ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 46ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 45ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 46ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 2ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 47ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 49ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 104ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 150ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 150ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 61ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 61ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 61ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 61ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 60ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 61ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 61ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 108ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 102ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 103ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 107ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 104ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 112ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 110ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 54ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 97ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 136ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 88ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 89ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 91ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 95ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 100ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 98ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 101ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 101ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 101ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 96ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 96ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 97ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 98ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 99ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 98ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 99ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 100ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 106ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 16ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 58ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 50ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 50ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 65ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 65ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 65ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 64ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 64ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 58ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 50ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 45ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 44ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 10ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 66ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 66ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 66ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 61ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 60ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 66ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 73ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 73ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 58ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 58ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 58ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 58ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 74ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 73ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 73ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 25ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 25ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 73ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 24ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 16ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 29ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 28ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 29ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 31ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 13ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 67ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 60ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 60ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 60ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 63ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 68ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 63ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 63ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 63ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 68ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 68ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 67ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 63ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 69ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 76ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 70ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 9ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 25ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 25ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 12ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 24ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 67ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 67ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 58ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 65ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 58ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 57ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 58ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 62ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 62ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 63ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 64ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 166ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 165ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 217ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 220ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 216ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 169ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 169ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 170ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 168ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 168ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 168ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 168ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 169ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 169ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 169ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 156ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 156ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 154ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 154ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 54ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 17ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 172ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 22ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 70ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 70ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 52ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 96ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 111ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 97ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 97ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 97ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 106ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 96ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 97ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 97ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 97ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 97ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 97ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 98ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 46ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 47ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 47ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 47ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 4ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 3ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 5ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 10ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 103ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 12ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 105ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 105ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 64ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 60ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 64ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 68ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 58ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 102ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 146ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 158ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 147ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 146ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 182ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 226ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 228ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 275ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 274ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 275ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 221ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 222ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 264ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 316ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 316ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 316ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 316ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 174ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 174ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 221ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 265ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 265ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 174ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 91ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 91ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 44ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 136ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 45ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 2ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 2ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 44ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 234ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 104ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 104ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 61ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 61ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 61ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 60ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 60ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 60ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 58ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 61ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 97ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 48ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 48ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 49ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 104ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 102ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 111ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 52ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 98ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 141ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 141ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 95ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 95ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 97ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 97ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 145ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 146ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 144ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 146ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 96ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 97ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 97ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 96ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 100ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 101ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 102ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 106ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 25ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 57ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 66ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 57ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 66ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 57ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 60ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 61ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 61ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 61ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 48ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 50ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 48ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 58ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 72ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 71ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 69ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 69ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 69ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 22ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 61ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 61ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 61ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 61ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 63ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 62ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 62ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 75ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 75ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 75ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 69ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 62ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 62ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 62ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 2ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 2ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 12ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 60ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 61ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 114ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 60ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 60ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 60ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 60ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 60ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 57ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 58ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 60ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 47ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 57ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 58ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 60ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 75ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 9ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 27ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 27ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 27ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 28ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 26ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 23ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 19ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 59ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 71ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 69ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 68ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 69ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 47ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 57ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 57ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 14ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 58ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 23ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 12ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 26ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 65ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 49ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 48ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 49ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 65ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 58ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 52ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 47ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 47ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 46ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 47ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 2ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 46ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 100ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 101ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 100ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 100ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 58ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 57ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 104ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 49ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 50ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 50ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 101ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 101ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 103ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 52ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 106ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 110ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 50ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 6ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 73ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 19ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 65ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 114ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 65ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 66ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 66ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 65ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 108ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 109ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 109ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 109ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 97ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 104ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 102ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 99ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 101ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 99ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 46ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 47ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 46ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 46ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 93ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 47ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 93ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 49ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 52ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 50ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 51ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 152ms
getLandData completed successfully and took 99ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 55ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 53ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 54ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 51ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 53ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 55ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 55ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 55ms
getAgreementsForParcel completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 56ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 57ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 108ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 108ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 56ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 113ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 156ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 202ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 239ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 241ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 192ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 191ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 191ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 193ms
getEnabledActions completed successfully and took 194ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 246ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 248ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 195ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 194ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 135ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 91ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 194ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 195ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 1ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 48ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 50ms
getCompatibilityMatrix completed successfully and took 98ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 96ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 96ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 290ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 96ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 100ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 100ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 97ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 97ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 102ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 102ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 55ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 107ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 12ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 2ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 112ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 112ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 112ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 11ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 13ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 2ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 23ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 23ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 24ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 22ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 22ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 2ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 21ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 22ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 2ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 8ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 19ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 2ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 9ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 10ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 1ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 2ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 2ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 2ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 23ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 23ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 7ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 1ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 2ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 2ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 1ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 2ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 2ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 20ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 2ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 2ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 4ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 6ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 18ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 1ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 1ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 1ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 14ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 17ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 1ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 2ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 2ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 2ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 3ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 5ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 16ms
getLandCoversForParcel completed successfully and took 15ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 1ms
getLandCoversForActions completed successfully and took 1ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 1ms
getLandCoverDefinitions completed successfully and took 3ms
